docs: update epp design logics (#895)
envoyproxy/ai-gateway: docs/proposals/003-epp-integration-proposal/proposal.md

      messageTimeout: 5s
```

This direction is to reuse the abilities of Envoy Gateway, and generate the Backend and EnvoyExtensionPolicy to deal with the InferencePool.

> But it cannot support rule level InferencePool support. EnvoyExtensionPolicy can only target on HTTPRoute/Gateway Level, so it cannot support multiple InferencePool or mixed use AIServiceBackend in one AIGatewayRoute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But it cannot provide rule-level InferencePool support. EnvoyExtensionPolicy can only target `HTTPRoute`/`Gateway`, therefore it cannot support multiple `InferencePool` resources or mixed use `AIServiceBackend` in one AIGatewayRoute.
```

    SelfHosted-->>Envoy: Response
    end

    Envoy->>Processor: Process Response
    Note over Processor: Response Transform & Extract Token Usage
    Processor-->>Envoy: Add Usage Metadata
    Envoy->>RLS: Reduce Rate Limit budget
    RLS-->>Envoy: ;
    Envoy->>Client: Response
```

The request flow for HTTPRoute + InferencePool is like:

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant Client as Client (OpenAI SDK)
    participant Envoy as Envoy Proxy
		participant EPP as EndpointPicker
    participant SelfHosted as Self-Hosted Models

    Client->>Envoy: Request
    Envoy->>EPP: Router-level ExtProc Request
    Note over EPP: Pick Endpoint in InferencePool
    EPP-->>Envoy: Add Picked Endpoint in Header and Metadata;

    loop Retry/Fallback loop
    Note over Envoy: Foward Based on Picked Endpoint (Original Dst or HostOverride LbPolicy)
    Envoy->>SelfHosted: Forward Request
    SelfHosted-->>Envoy: Response
    end

    Envoy->>Client: Response
```

## Implementation Considerations and Limitations

Current implementation is able to support InferencePool using AIGatewayRoute as well as HTTPRoute.

But there are some advantages for AIGatewayRoute + InferencePool:

> + Native OpenAPI Support: we can use native Open AI Spec to call different inference pool in a same listener, because we support to parse the mode from the body, and refresh the cache with route level ai-gw extproc. But using HTTPRoute directly cannot do that, it has to add more routeMatch to do it in a same listener like headerMatch, or separate it into different listeners.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Native OpenAI Support: we can use native Open AI Spec to call different inference pool in a same listener, because we support to parse the mode from the body, and refresh the cache with route level ai-gw extproc. But using HTTPRoute directly cannot do that, it has to add more routeMatch to do it in a same listener like headerMatch, or separate it into different listeners.
```

Author: yes, we can smart pick it from the body
